Popup: update demo description (#2048)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/Popup/Overview/Angular/description.md

- **Built-in close button**    
Enable the [showCloseButton](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#showCloseButton) property to display the Close button in a Popup's top toolbar.

- **Custom close button**    
This demo shows how to add custom buttons to a Popup. One of these buttons uses an [onClick](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButton/Configuration/#onClick) handler to set the `popupVisible` variable to `false`, causing the Popup to disappear. Refer to the next section (**Configure the Popup**) to learn how you can populate a popup with custom controls.

- **On outside click**    
Enable the [hideOnOutsideClick](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#hideOnOutsideClick) property to allow users to hide the Popup by clicking outside the component.

## Configure the Popup

The Popup inner area is divided into three parts:

- **Top toolbar**  

    - **Predefined**    

>     Set [showTitle](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#showTitle) to `true` and use the [title](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#title) property to specify the caption. If you do not disable the [showCloseButton](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#showCloseButton) property, the Close button appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Set [showTitle](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#showTitle) to `true` and use the [title](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#title) property to specify the caption. The Close button will appear if you do not disable the [showCloseButton](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#showCloseButton) property.
```
Make this correction in other places this sentence appears.

    
    - **Custom**   

>     Add [toolbarItems](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/toolbarItems/) markup and set each item's [toolbar](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/toolbarItems/#toolbar) property to `top`. If you want to display an item in the overflow menu, as shown in this demo, set the item's [locateInMenu](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/toolbarItems/#locateInMenu) property to `always`. You can also assign `never` to this property to keep the item outside the overflow menu, or `auto` to hide the item in the menu if the Popup's width decreases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Add [toolbarItems](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/toolbarItems/) markup and set each item's [toolbar](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/toolbarItems/#toolbar) property to `top`. If you want to display an item in the overflow menu, as shown in this demo, set the item's [locateInMenu](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/toolbarItems/#locateInMenu) property to `always`. You can also assign `never` to this property to keep the item outside the overflow menu, or you can assign `auto` to hide the item in the menu if the Popup's width decreases.
```

Reviewer: Make this correction in the other places this sentence appears.
